README.md, before:

# Flutter Animations Gallery

This project is a showcase of the most common Flutter animation APIs.

Feel free to use this code as reference for your own projects.

## Preview

![Animations Gallery Preview](/.github/images/animations-gallery-preview.png)

## Settings

- [x] **Curves**: a showcase of all built-in Flutter animation curves
- [x] **Themes**: primary color theme selection (red, indigo, green, brown)
- [x] **Duration**: slider to set the duration of various animations in the app

## Implicit Animations

- [x] **AnimatedContainer**
- [x] **AnimatedPositioned**
- [x] **TweenAnimationBuilder** (rotating `Container`)

## Explicit Animations

- [x] **ScaleTransition**
- [x] **RotationTransition**
- [x] **Staggered Animations**
- [x] **Animated Ring** (`AnimationController` + `CustomPainter`)

## Other Features

- [x] **Adaptive UI**: Drawer navigation on mobile portrait, split view on mobile landscape or bigger form factors
- [x] **Global application state** with Riverpod (selected curve, theme, duration)

### [License: MIT](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Add note about Flutter animations course

README.md, after:

# Flutter Animations Gallery

This project is a showcase of the most common Flutter animation APIs.

Feel free to use this code as reference for your own projects.

## Preview

![Animations Gallery Preview](/.github/images/animations-gallery-preview.png)

## Settings

- [x] **Curves**: a showcase of all built-in Flutter animation curves
- [x] **Themes**: primary color theme selection (red, indigo, green, brown)
- [x] **Duration**: slider to set the duration of various animations in the app

## Implicit Animations

- [x] **AnimatedContainer**
- [x] **AnimatedPositioned**
- [x] **TweenAnimationBuilder** (rotating `Container`)

## Explicit Animations

- [x] **ScaleTransition**
- [x] **RotationTransition**
- [x] **Staggered Animations**
- [x] **Animated Ring** (`AnimationController` + `CustomPainter`)

## Other Features

- [x] **Adaptive UI**: Drawer navigation on mobile portrait, split view on mobile landscape or bigger form factors
- [x] **Global application state** with Riverpod (selected curve, theme, duration)

## Want More? Get my Flutter Animations Masterclass

This is a [full course](https://codewithandrea.com/courses/flutter-animations-masterclass/) with **7 hours** of in-depth content about animations in Flutter.

[![Animations Gallery Preview](/.github/images/flutter-animations-course-banner.png)](https://codewithandrea.com/courses/flutter-animations-masterclass/)


### [License: MIT](LICENSE.md)
